lion
Could the two assassins last night be
Impossible, it's even down
Why does the princess bother?
Send someone to drown me
This father's will is only to suspend the marriage contract
Not abolished
But Qin Feiyang is a complete waste
She's pretty.
Her Royal Highness, don't worry
That innocent Qin Feiyang has long been notorious
The emperor will definitely take care of the royal face
Princess, I have a solution
How?
The princess may propose to the emperor
Hold a recruitment conference on another day
Swear to death must participate
If you don't want to marry
I still want to be in public, brother
It's really a killing intention
Maybe the princess can choose a good match
Isn't it killing two birds with one stone?
That's a good idea. Hmm.
I'm going to ask to see Phoenix tomorrow, okay?
Then princess, we should go to the bath to relieve fatigue
I didn't say I wanted to see it on purpose